# P0083 Unfair Game

## 题目描述

Bob is tired of losing to Alice and, to ensure he doesn't lose again, decided to choose a game in which he is guaranteed to win. Bob has thought of a number from  $ 1 $  to  $ n $ , where it is known that  $ n = 2^d $  for some non-negative integer  $ d $ . Initially, Alice knows whether the chosen number is even or not.

In one move, Alice can either halve the number or subtract  $ 1 $ . Alice can only halve the number if the current number is even. Only Alice takes turns.

After her move, Alice receives a response from Bob: either  $ -1 $ , which means the number has become  $ 0 $  and Alice has won, or a non-negative integer  $ x $ . If we denote the current number as  $ a $ , then for  $ x $  the following conditions hold simultaneously:

1. $ a $  is divisible by  $ 2^x $ .
2. $ a $  is not divisible by  $ 2^{x+1} $ .

For example, if  $ a=5 $ , then  $ x=0 $ , since  $ 5 $  is divisible by  $ 2^0=1 $  and not divisible by  $ 2^1=2 $ , and if  $ a=12 $ , then  $ x=2 $ , since  $ 12 $  is divisible by  $ 2^2=4 $  and not divisible by  $ 2^3=8 $ .

It can be shown that for any integer  $ a > 0 $ , there exists a unique such  $ x $ .

Bob is still afraid that Alice will win, so the game will have no more than  $ k $  moves. Additionally, Bob wants to maximize his chances of winning, so he wants to play as many games as possible. Given  $ n $  and  $ k $ , calculate the number of initial numbers from  $ 1 $  to  $ n $  such that Alice, playing optimally, cannot win in no more than  $ k $  moves.

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer  $ t $   $ (1 \le t \le 10^4) $  — the number of test cases.

The only line of each test case contains  $ 2 $  integers  $ n $  and  $ k $   $ (1 \le n, k \le 10^9) $  — the limit on the chosen number and the maximum number of Alice's moves, respectively. It is guaranteed that  $ n = 2^d $  for some non-negative integer  $ d $ .

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the number of integers from  $ 1 $  to  $ n $  such that Alice, playing optimally, cannot win in at most  $ k $  moves.

## 说明与数据范围

In the first sample,  $ a=2 $ ,  $ a=3 $ , and  $ a=4 $  are suitable because from  $ a=1 $  one can reach  $ 0 $  in  $ 1 $  operation, while for the other values, it can be shown that at least  $ 2 $  operations are required.

In the second sample,  $ a=3 $  and  $ a=4 $  are suitable because for  $ a=2 $ , Alice can win in  $ 2 $  operations.

In the third, fourth, and fifth samples, there are no suitable  $ a $ , because for  $ a=3 $  and  $ a=4 $ , Alice can win in  $ 3 $  operations.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入**

```text
7
4 1
4 2
4 3
4 4
4 5
16 5
16 1
```text

**输出**
```text
3
2
0
0
0
4
15
```
